Geoffrey Garsson
CS420x Assignment 4

I'm not  going to lie, this is hands down the hardest project I've ever done for this class, and its honestly not even much.

Preset 1 is a rather interesting preset which usually has the ends of chemical lines that are stretching out act like their "dancing", I don't really know how best to describe it, but its pretty fast pace
	and I thought it was cool.
I don't know how to explain Preset 2, honestly, it's got a rather neat design that looks like an animated pencil sketch on a black background.
Preset 3 is looks like some star constellations, which I thought was rather neat.
Presets 4 and 5 (yes, I went for 5) are literally just "everything is turned up/down to the maximum/minimum."
	Preset 4 is my personal favorite looks like a big circut board or traffic grid, I seriously wish I got additional coloring to work with it because I can only imagine what it'd look like with a purple or teal hue!

I'm gonna keep it real, I genuinely didn't know what the heck I was doing for most of this project, and I was so stressed with life and work that this project suffered immensely.
Hands down, my worst work for this class. I would not at all be surprised if I get an F on this assignment, and if my grade tanked because of it. 
Most of my skills lie in tool-building, not in the creative components that come from those tools. 
I understand that this was part of the assignment, but I genuinely struggle with visual art and telling meaningful differences.

I handed this in late and I didn't get feedback, once again. Apologies for the missed po

The controls are:

Press 'q/a': Increase/Decrease Left Sensor Distance by 1.0 (min: 1.0, max: 15.0)
Press 'w/s': Increase/Decrease Forward Sensor Distance by 1.0 (min: 1.0, max: 15.0)
Press 'e/d': Increase/Decrease Right Sensor Distance by 1.0 (min: 1.0, max: 15.0)
Press 'spacebar': Toggles "Scanner Sweeper" for Agents (When active, the scanner direction and agent rotation angle will be adjusted once per frame by small increments,
								maximum rotation angle is PI/4, minimum is PI/8, takes 180 frames to go from one to the other)
Press 'm/n': Increase/Decrease Agent Size by 0.2 (min: 0.2, max: 3.0)
Press ',/.': Increase/Decrease Decay Coefficient by 0.05 (min: 0.3, max: 0.9)
Press 'b': Changes which blur kernel the diffuse/decay shader uses. (Presets 1,4,5 start on Laplacian, 2 and 3 start on Gaussian)