Geoffrey Garsson
CS420x Assignment 3

First step was just understanding the algorithm; not exactly that hard to do. You got your diffuse rates for both chemicals, the rate of which chemical As are added, and chemical Bs are killed.
The main struggle honestly wasn't understanding the formula, but rather translating it into GLSL. The Laplace functions were pretty straightforward, and the get function was basically already provided.
I used the red channel for chemical A and the alpha channel for chemical B. I actually got the formula down almost immediately, it was everything else around it that I struggled with.
Making a starting scenario isn't my forte, so I opted for a simple 48x48 box that starts in the center of the screen. Originally I had a random chemical scattering scenario but for testing purposes I disabled it.
The rest of the technical struggle just came from actually changing around the WebGL code with Professor Roberts' revisions that he gave to everyone. 
I'd end up forgetting to change one value when I'm testing and suddenly the whole thing blows up.
Anyways, for the final extra component, I opted to go with an "Orientation" modifier by adding a feature that modifies the diffuse values the further away from the center on a given axis a chemical is.
Its a bit weird, but changing the axis bias on the fly with the push of a button can alter the pattern created in pretty interesting ways. I ended up making a neat turtle-like glyph by manipulating this mechanic.
Admittedly, it is not without fault. The dA axis bias completely blacks out the screen almost instantly when a chemical goes far enough from the screen, due to how the pixel coloring is impacted by the chemical values.
To make a quick fix to this, I had to cut how much dA was impacted by the axis bias by a significant amount. Additionally, I couldn't really find good wording for all of this, so "axis bias" is probably not the proper term.

I handed this in late and I didn't get feedback. That's almost entirely on me.

Anyways, the controls are:

Press 'q/a': Increase/Decrease dA by 0.01 (min: 0.85, max: 1.15)
Press 'w/s': Increase/Decrease dB by 0.01 (min: 0.35, max: 0.65)
Press 'e/d': Increase/Decrease Feed Rate by 0.005 (min: 0.005, max: 0.1)
Press 'r/f': Increase/Decrease Kill Rate by 0.005 (min: 0.005, max: 0.1)
Press 'z/x': Toggles which axis the "Axis Bias" feature is on for dA (for 'z') and dB (for 'x'). (Starts on Disabled -> Horizontal -> Vertical -> Disabled)